**_1. You have reached your account limit for the number of CloudFormation stacks in a region. How do you
      increase your limit?_**

- Make an API call
- **Contact AWS**
- Use the console
- You cannot increase your limit 

---

**_2. Which operation could return temporarily inconsistent results?_**

- **Getting an object from Amazon S3 after it was deleted** 
- Getting an object from Amazon S3 after it was initially created 
- Selecting a row from an Amazon RDS database after it was inserted 
- Selecting a row from an Amazon RDS database after it was deleted

---

**_3. You have an environment that consists of a public subnet using Amazon VPC and 3 instances that are running
      in this subnet. These three instances can successfully communicate with other hosts on the Internet. You
      launch a fourth instance in the same subnet, using the same AMI and security group configuration you used for
      the others, but find that this instance cannot be accessed from the Internet.
      What should you do to enable internet access?_**
      
- Deploy a NAT instance into the public subnet.
- Modify the routing table for the public subnet
- Configure a publically routable IP Address In the host OS of the fourth instance.
- **Assign an Elastic IP address to the fourth instance.**      

---

**_4. Which of the following are valid SNS delivery transports? (Choose two.)_**

- **HTTP**
- UDP
- **SMS**
- DynamoDB
- Named Pipes

---

**_5. What is one key difference between an Amazon EBS-backed and an instance-store backed instance?_**

- Virtual Private Cloud requires EBS backed instances
- **Amazon EBS-backed instances can be stopped and restarted**
- Auto scaling requires using Amazon EBS-backed instances.
- Instance-store backed instances can be stopped and restarted.

---

**_6. Your CloudFormation template launches a two-tier web application in us-east-1. When you attempt to
      create a development stack in us-west-1, the process fails.
      What could be the problem?_**

- **The AMIs referenced in the template are not available in us-west-1.**
- The IAM roles referenced in the template are not valid in us-west-1.
- Two ELB Classic Load Balancers cannot have the same Name tag.
- CloudFormation templates can be launched only in a single region  

---

**_7. Your application reads commands from an SQS queue and sends them to web services hosted by your
      partners. When a partner's endpoint goes down, your application continually returns their commands to
      the queue. The repeated attempts to deliver these commands use up resources. Commands that can’t be
      delivered must not be lost.
      How can you accommodate the partners' broken web services without wasting your resources?_**
      
- Create a delay queue and set DelaySeconds to 30 seconds.
- Requeue the message with a VisibilityTimeout of 30 seconds.
- **Create a dead letter queue and set the Maximum Receives to 3.**
- Requeue the message with a DelaySeconds of 30 seconds. 

---

**_8. Your application must write to an SQS queue. Your corporate security policies require that AWS
      credentials are always encrypted and are rotated at least once a week.
      How can you securely provide credentials that allow your application to write to the queue?._**     

- Have the application fetch an access key from an Amazon S3 bucket at run time.
- **Launch the application's Amazon EC2 instance with an IAM role.**
- Encrypt an access key in the application source code.
- Enroll the instance in an Active Directory domain and use AD authentication
  
---

**_9. Which operation could return temporarily inconsistent results?_**  

- Getting an object from Amazon S3 after it was initially created
- Selecting a row from an Amazon RDS database after it was inserted
- Selecting a row from an Amazon RDS database after it was deleted
- **Getting an object from Amazon S3 after it was deleted**   
  
---

**_10.  You are creating a DynamoDB table with the following attributes:
     * PurchaseOrderNumber (partition key)
     * CustomerID
     * PurchaseDate
     * TotalPurchaseValue
One of your applications must retrieve items from the table to calculate the total value of purchases for a
particular customer over a date range.
What secondary index do you need to add to the table?_**  

- Local secondary index with a partition key of CustomerID and sort key of PurchaseDate; project the
  TotalPurchaseValue attribute
- Local secondary index with a partition key of PurchaseDate and sort key of CustomerID; project the
  TotalPurchaseValue attribute
- **Global secondary index with a partition key of CustomerID and sort key of PurchaseDate; project the
  TotalPurchaseValue attribute**
- Global secondary index with a partition key of PurchaseDate and sort key of CustomerID; project the
  TotalPurchaseValue attribute

---

**_11. Your CloudFormation template has the following Mappings section:
       "Mappings" : {
        "RegionMap" : {
        "us-east-1" : { "32" : "ami-6411e20d"},
        "us-west-1" : { "32" : "ami-c9c7978c"}
        }
       }
Which JSON snippet will result in the value "ami-6411e20d" when a stack is launched in us-east-1?_** 

- { "Fn::FindInMap" : [ "Mappings", { "RegionMap" : ["us-east-1", "us-west-1"] }, "32"]}
- { "Fn::FindInMap" : [ "Mappings", { "Ref" : "AWS::Region" }, "32"]}
- **{ "Fn::FindInMap" : [ "RegionMap", { "Ref" : "AWS::Region" }, "32"]}**
- { "Fn::FindInMap" : [ "RegionMap", { "RegionMap" : "AWS::Region" }, "32"]}

---

**_12. Your web application reads an item from your DynamoDB table, changes an attribute, and then writes
       the item back to the table. You need to ensure that one process doesn't overwrite a simultaneous change
       from another process.
       How can you ensure concurrency?_** 

- **Implement optimistic concurrency by using a conditional write.**
- Implement pessimistic concurrency by using a conditional write.
- Implement optimistic concurrency by locking the item upon read.
- Implement pessimistic concurrency by locking the item upon read  
       
---

**_13. Your application triggers events that must be delivered to all your partners. The exact partner list is
       constantly changing: some partners run a highly available endpoint, and other partners’ endpoints are
       online only a few hours each night. Your application is mission-critical, and communication with your
       partners must not introduce delay in its operation. A delay in delivering the event to one partner cannot
       delay delivery to other partners.
       What is an appropriate way to code this?_** 
       
- Implement an Amazon SWF task to deliver the message to each partner. Initiate an Amazon SWF
  workflow execution.
- Send the event as an Amazon SNS message. Instruct your partners to create an HTTP. Subscribe their
  HTTP endpoint to the Amazon SNS topic.
- Create one SQS queue per partner. Iterate through the queues and write the event to each one. Partners
  retrieve messages from their queue.
- **Send the event as an Amazon SNS message. Create one SQS queue per partner that subscribes to the
  Amazon SNS topic. Partners retrieve messages from their queue.**              

 ---
 
**_14. You have reached your account limit for the number of CloudFormation stacks in a region.
        How do you increase your limit?_**

- Use the AWS Command Line Interface.
- Send an email to limits@amazon.com with the subject “CloudFormation.”
- **Use the Support Center in the AWS Management Console.**
- All service limits are fixed and cannot be increased.

 ---
 
**_15. You have a three-tier web application (web, app, and data) in a single Amazon VPC. The web and app
       tiers each span two Availability Zones, are in separate subnets, and sit behind ELB Classic Load
       Balancers. The data tier is a Multi-AZ Amazon RDS MySQL database instance in database subnets. When
       you call the database tier from your app tier instances, you receive a timeout error.
       What could be causing this?_**
       
- The IAM role associated with the app tier instances does not have rights to the MySQL database.
- **The security group for the Amazon RDS instance does not allow traffic on port 3306 from the app
  instances.**
- The Amazon RDS database instance does not have a public IP address.
- There is no route defined between the app tier and the database tier in the Amazon VPC       

---    

**_16. Which of the following is an example of a good DynamoDB hash key schema for provisioned throughput
       efficiency?_**
   
- **User ID, where the application has many different users.**
- Status Code where most status codes are the same
- Device ID, where one is by far more popular than all the others.
- Game Type, where there are three possible game types   

---

**_17. Company A has an S3 bucket containing premier content that they intend to make available to only paid
       subscribers of their website. The S3 bucket currently has default permissions of all objects being private to
       prevent inadvertent exposure of the premier content to non-paying website visitors.
       How can Company A provide only paid subscribers the ability to download a premier content file in the S3
       bucket?_**
       
- Apply a bucket policy that grants anonymous users to download the content from the S3 bucket
- **Generate a pre-signed object URL for the premier content file when a paid subscriber requests a download**
- Add a bucket policy that requires Multi-Factor Authentication for requests to access the S3 bucket objects
- Enable server side encryption on the S3 bucket for data protection against the non-paying website visitors

---

**_18. Company C has recently launched an online commerce site for bicycles on AWS. They have a “Product”
       DynamoDB table that stores details for each bicycle, such as, manufacturer, color, price, quantity and size to
       display in the online store. Due to customer demand, they want to include an image for each bicycle along with
       the existing details.
       Which approach below provides the least impact to provisioned throughput on the “Product” table?_**
       
- Serialize the image and store it in multiple DynamoDB tables
- Create an “Images” DynamoDB table to store the Image with a foreign key constraint to the “Product” table
- Add an image data type to the “Product” table to store the images in binary format
- **Store the images in Amazon S3 and add an S3 URL pointer to the “Product” table item for each image** 

---  

**_19. Games-R-Us is launching a new game app for mobile devices. Users will log into the game using their existing
       Facebook account and the game will record player data and scoring information directly to a DynamoDB table.
       What is the most secure approach for signing requests to the DynamoDB API?_**
         
- Create an IAM user with access credentials that are distributed with the mobile app to sign the requests
- Distribute the AWS root account access credentials with the mobile app to sign the requests
- **Request temporary security credentials using web identity federation to sign the requests**
- Establish cross account access between the mobile app and the DynamoDB table to sign the requests    

---  

**_20. A corporate web application is deployed within an Amazon VPC, and is connected to the corporate data center
       via IPSec VPN. The application must authenticate against the on-premise LDAP server. Once authenticated,
       logged-in users can only access an S3 keyspace specific to the user.
       Which two approaches can satisfy the objectives? (Choose two.)_**
       
- The application authenticates against LDAP. The application then calls the IAM Security Service to login to 
IAM using the LDAP credentials. The application can use the IAM temporary credentials to access the 
appropriate S3 bucket.
- **The application authenticates against LDAP, and retrieves the name of an IAM role associated with the 
user. The application then calls the IAM Security Token Service to assume that IAM Role. The application 
can use the temporary credentials to access the appropriate S3 bucket.**
- The application authenticates against IAM Security Token Service using the LDAP credentials. The 
application uses those temporary AWS security credentials to access the appropriate S3 bucket.
- **Develop an identity broker which authenticates against LDAP, and then calls IAM Security Token Service to 
get IAM federated user credentials. The application calls the identity broker to get IAM federated user 
credentials with access to the appropriate S3 bucket.**
- Develop an identity broker which authenticates against IAM Security Token Service to assume an IAM Role 
to get temporary AWS security credentials. The application calls the identity broker to get AWS temporary 
security credentials with access to the appropriate S3 bucket.       